Cross build sbt plugin to sbt 2.x (#5314)
scala-js/scala-js: DEVELOPING.md

following incantations.
`SCALA_VERSION` refers to the Scala version used by the separate project.

    > ;ir2_12/publishLocal;linkerInterface2_12/publishLocal;linker2_12/publishLocal;testAdapter2_12/publishLocal;sbtPlugin2_12/publishLocal;javalib/publishLocal;javalibintf/publishLocal
    > ;library2_12/publishLocal;testInterface2_12/publishLocal;testBridge2_12/publishLocal;jUnitRuntime2_12/publishLocal;jUnitPlugin2_12/publishLocal;scalalib2_12/publishLocal
    > ;ir3/publishLocal;linkerInterface3/publishLocal;testAdapter3/publishLocal;sbtPlugin3/publishLocal
    > ++SCALA_VERSION compiler2_12/publishLocal

If using a non-2.12.x version for the Scala version, the `2_12` suffixes must be adapted in the second and third command (not in the first command).

> Third line is required if you want to publish sbt2 plugin locally.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The third line is required if you want to publish the sbt 2 plugin.
```
